_pages/rightnow.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: RightNow
permalink: /rightnow/
image: assets/images/rightnow-hero.jpg
---

# RightNow App Development

## 🎉 Alpha Testing Update (July 2025)

RightNow is now in Alpha testing! I've given access to about 10 friends and family members, and the feedback has been both surprising and unsurprising. Many changes are being made each day as they discover things that need improvement.

None of them are professional testers, and their method of testing is basically to be confused - which is actually quite valuable! This isn't a simple app, but it needs to be intuitive to normal people, even if it doesn't appeal to them for long-term use.

I'm pretty proud of how far I've come with this project. It's my most successful home coding project so far, and I've been working on it since March/April 2024.

---

Welcome to the RightNow development hub! This page documents the journey of building RightNow, a modern Android app designed to help users make the most of their present moments.

## About RightNow

RightNow is an Android application focused on mindfulness and productivity, helping users stay present and engaged with their current activities. The app combines modern Android development practices with intuitive user experience design.

## Development Stack

- **Language**: Kotlin
- **UI Framework**: Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture**: MVVM with Clean Architecture principles
- **Backend**: Firebase (Authentication, Firestore, Cloud Functions)
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions
- **Testing**: JUnit, Espresso, MockK

## Key Features

- **Moment Tracking**: Capture and reflect on meaningful moments throughout your day
- **Mindfulness Reminders**: Gentle notifications to stay present
- **Activity Logging**: Track how you spend your time with minimal friction
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Visualize your patterns and habits
- **Social Sharing**: Share moments with friends and family (optional)

## Development Timeline

### Phase 1: Foundation (Current)

- Setting up project structure
- Implementing core navigation
- Basic UI components with Jetpack Compose
- Firebase integration

### Phase 2: Core Features

- User authentication flow
- Moment capture functionality
- Local data persistence
- Basic analytics

### Phase 3: Enhancement

- Push notifications
- Advanced analytics
- Social features
- Performance optimization

### Phase 4: Polish & Launch

- UI/UX refinements
- Beta testing
- Play Store preparation
- Marketing materials

## Recent Updates

Check back here for the latest development updates, feature releases, and technical insights from the RightNow development journey.

## Resources

- [Privacy Policy](/rightnow-privacy-policy/)
- [Delete Account](/rightnow-delete-account/)
- GitHub Repository (Coming Soon)
- Play Store Listing (Coming Soon)

## Get Involved

Interested in the development process? Have feature suggestions? Feel free to reach out or follow the project's progress through this page.

Commit message:

Update RightNow page: improve task reflection UX by replacing initial dialog with a checkbox based on Alpha feedback

_pages/rightnow.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: RightNow
permalink: /rightnow/
image: assets/images/rightnow-hero.jpg
---

# RightNow App Development

## 🎉 Alpha Testing Update (July 2025)

RightNow is now in Alpha testing! I've given access to about 10 friends and family members, and the feedback has been both surprising and unsurprising. Many changes are being made each day as they discover things that need improvement.

None of them are professional testers, and their method of testing is basically to be confused - which is actually quite valuable! This isn't a simple app, but it needs to be intuitive to normal people, even if it doesn't appeal to them for long-term use.

I'm pretty proud of how far I've come with this project. It's my most successful home coding project so far, and I've been working on it since March/April 2024.

### Latest Change: Task Reflection UX Improvement

Based on Alpha feedback, I've removed the initial dialog that asked users whether they wanted to enable task reflection. Instead, there's now a checkbox at the bottom of the actual task reflection screen that allows users to disable it if they don't want to use it. New users shouldn't be asked to turn something on or off before they've even seen what it is!

---

Welcome to the RightNow development hub! This page documents the journey of building RightNow, a modern Android app designed to help users make the most of their present moments.

## About RightNow

RightNow is an Android application focused on mindfulness and productivity, helping users stay present and engaged with their current activities. The app combines modern Android development practices with intuitive user experience design.

## Development Stack

- **Language**: Kotlin
- **UI Framework**: Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture**: MVVM with Clean Architecture principles
- **Backend**: Firebase (Authentication, Firestore, Cloud Functions)
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions
- **Testing**: JUnit, Espresso, MockK

## Key Features

- **Moment Tracking**: Capture and reflect on meaningful moments throughout your day
- **Mindfulness Reminders**: Gentle notifications to stay present
- **Activity Logging**: Track how you spend your time with minimal friction
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Visualize your patterns and habits
- **Social Sharing**: Share moments with friends and family (optional)

## Development Timeline

### Phase 1: Foundation (Current)

- Setting up project structure
- Implementing core navigation
- Basic UI components with Jetpack Compose
- Firebase integration

### Phase 2: Core Features

- User authentication flow
- Moment capture functionality
- Local data persistence
- Basic analytics

### Phase 3: Enhancement

- Push notifications
- Advanced analytics
- Social features
- Performance optimization

### Phase 4: Polish & Launch

- UI/UX refinements
- Beta testing
- Play Store preparation
- Marketing materials

## Recent Updates

Check back here for the latest development updates, feature releases, and technical insights from the RightNow development journey.

## Resources

- [Privacy Policy](/rightnow-privacy-policy/)
- [Delete Account](/rightnow-delete-account/)
- GitHub Repository (Coming Soon)
- Play Store Listing (Coming Soon)

## Get Involved

Interested in the development process? Have feature suggestions? Feel free to reach out or follow the project's progress through this page.
