---
layout: post
title: "A post about me and the blog"
description: Just a bit about me, this will need updating over time
date: 2025-04-14
image:  '/images/10.jpg'
tags:   [about, alex]
categories: about
featured: true
---

# Me

Hello and welcome! I'm going to be honest, I had Claude write the first 5 posts because I don't want to just put up another empty blog. The problem is that the text sounds nothing like my voice so I'm changing pretty much everything manually. That alone should tell you a little about me. The page headers seem decent though so I'll keep those.

Anyway, I'm Alex. I have many interests, probably too many to become an expert at any of them but I'm going to give it a damn good try anyway.

## Work

I am a Software Engineer by trade, 10+ working for a large software company. Although i've worked for the same company for a long time, the job has changed many times and I have learned and grown as a result.

I generally work on automation of software engineering processes and more recently automating cloud infrastructure with IaC tools. I will be writing more detailed posts on how and why to use these technologies. (Azure, Azure DevOps, PowerShell, Terraform to name a few)

## Not Work

Outside of work I like to mess about with 3D Printing, playing the guitar, podcasts, walking, exploring, fixing things, optimising things. These things will be talked about on this blog.

## Why I Created This Site

I think I know things and most people in my life aren't that interested in the things I know. I know though that you like these things. So I thought I would share them with you. It also might make me feel better about the hours I "waste" on the many interests I keep talking about.

## Connect With Me

I don't know that I want people to actually reach out to me. That sounds scary. I guess this is me reaching out into the void so should you reach out to me, I will endeavor to respond and be totally chill about it.